I still have no idea how Jalen Rose has
a job he looks like he sells bootleg
DVDs one day klay Thompson is gonna
leave the house without remembering to
attach his goatee that he bought from
Party City does anyone know what Blake
Griffin is did Morgan Freeman and Carrot
Top impregnated Amazon Andre Iguodala
has the worst body language of anyone in
the NBA if you got a dollar for every
dirty look you made he'd have another
eighty million
Russell Westbrook look like Jar Jar
Binks how take your work I don't know
what that is for sure
pretty sure Reggie Miller's ears provide
Wi-Fi oh my god they do that rivers
voice is a Shia's he'll put some lotion
on those voice course bro
Magic Johnson looks like a bald black
John Travolta Shrek is a fat ass old man
your mother looks very Julie have you
ever been downloading something online
and halfway through it just froze and
couldn't go anywhere think Steph Curry's
puberty kind of her
school maybe I'd enjoyed you can second
million per second yourself until you
die you pieces but I just never fun not
son exactly like the chemical spitting
this magic